all right I was in the lobby last night
and people kept sending me messages
about it they wanted me to show you or
whatnot so here we go first of all you
start out with the square
the color the color I'll use is the
fourth one the second from the bottom
all this is done the tools by the way so
you should be able to do this straight
out I'm not using none of the unlock
thinks all right then that shape you use
earnest of diamond shine bright like a
diamond yeah probably just got that
stuck in some of your heads right now
that this you want to go down to the
circle for the eyes it wanted to be big
but you don't want to be like massive
anyone stick off the head of it
the next one you're gonna want to
warrant a diagonal slope downwards you
don't want to be lined up since his
head's not lined alright I just copied
and pasted it change the color to black
the little eyeball up there you want the
eyeball to be sort of small and near the
top of the head not at the top like
right there
give it just a weird position all right
then you go back and copy your eyes
change the colour to black and while
you're in this part right here just hit
the start but you want to do this for
both of the eyes that way it gives that
nice little outline next up you're gonna
want the mouth so why you got this you
go ahead and change it to the rectangle
press in on the r3 you're going to be
doing this a lot from now on so used to
it the way you've moved it is with the
diagonals I'm using diagonally to the
left to make it smaller definitely to
the left and up there we go that should
help you out even more
alright this you're gonna want this
little shape right
the diagonal it
look at red cuz what tongue will not be
ready
alright this part is optional in going
here and grab a rectangle or three it
when you get it really small now when
you on are three and you start moving it
it's going to get even smaller just take
that into a vector I remember that about
right there
now you can copy it that little tongue
crease there just make it a little bit
bigger I just start going down the head
with it
keep it pretty much spaced out the same
way oh I don't know I just did that by
the way if you didn't know if you don't
like to read the little things up there
do you copy it by this little light but
what the back button sorry yes three
person you copy it by the back button
you paste it with the start button stuff
you're on the ps3 you copy it with the
but and hey still with the start
button
I'm trying to make this video short so
if you have any questions please leave
them down below alright nice you're
gonna want to grab another circle then
change it black get small now looks like
a clown nose so you are three it I'm
just going like directly to the left
with it then on our three it to make it
smaller and then your triggers to rotate
it now this part is also optional the
shading that I've added to it it's the
shape or a on the change normally I make
it like that color
when I shape it I try to make it where
it is small at the top but curves in
like that
so you see half the I did bring here I
pass it down to about 23 22 and there
you go
sorry I just hit the mic there you go
home
that's pretty much it people wanted the
tutorial on it so there you why I hope
this is helped out please like comment
subscribe and check the links below
it's pinche styles peace